[Term Entry]Add entry for the Sin() function in Go language (#2497)
Codecademy/docs: content/go/concepts/math-functions/terms/sin/sin.md

---

> Title: 'The Sin() Function in Go'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Title: 'Sin()'
```
The title should be the function name.

> Description: 'Learn how to use the Sin() function in Go to calculate the sine of an angle.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Used to calculate the sine of an angle.'
```
The description is about the subject of the entry, not the entry itself.

> Subjects:

Reviewer: Edit the Subjects list so the entries come from [this list](https://github.com/Codecademy/docs/blob/main/documentation/subjects.md).

  - 'Go'
  - 'Math'

> Tags:

Reviewer: Edit the Tags list so all the entries come from [this list](https://github.com/Codecademy/docs/blob/main/documentation/tags.md).

  - 'Go Functions'
  - 'Trigonometry'
CatalogContent:

>   - 'learn-go'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - 'learn-go'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
```

CatalogContent typically has two entries.

---

> The **Sin() function** in Go is used to calculate the sine of an angle. It returns the sine value of the specified angle (which is in radians, by default).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`Sin()`** function in Go is used to calculate the sine of an angle. It returns the sine value of the specified angle, which is in radians, by default.
```

## Syntax

The syntax for using the Sin() function in Go is as follows:

> ```go

Reviewer: This not typically how we illustrate syntax. We usually just illustrate the function's abstract use in a ` ```pseudo ` code block followed by a sentence explaining the labels in the illustration. Something like this:

````
```pseudo
import "math"

result := math.Sin(angle)
```

Where `result` is the sine of `angle`.

````
You can replace what you have in the syntax section with the above.

package main

import (
    "fmt"
    "math"
)

func main() {
    angle := 3
    sine := math.Sin(angle)
    fmt.Println("The sine of" angle "radians is", sine)
}
```
## Example

> Here's an example that demonstrates the usage of the Sin() function:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example demonstrates the usage of the `Sin()` function:
```
